So I decided to do Ephemeral Study.
First I was making you hear the Right servants' duet at my Cooper Centre..
And I made you listen to thehalts and pastor's singing...
And here you see me donnin'he intervention from the director...
and the Real servants were just world theme!
What else при Team, de Bartholomew...
The next day, the Yomeiri Newspaper Press Conference will be held.
All men's and women's games will be recorded and sent to the press.
This is my first time to be a sports announcer.
I'm the sports announcer, Ono Machiko, who just came to introduce myself.
I don't know much about baseball yet.
I don't know if you know baseball, but I'll try it anyway.
Oh, I'm in trouble. It's already started.
When Kazeo Hasegawa throws the ball, Takako Irie hits it.
The ball rolls around and around.
I like short cake better.
But I don't know what it is.
I threw the second ball.
What should I do with a low ball?
I'm sorry I made a mistake.
Next, Ken Uehara came out.
I threw the first ball of the pitcher.
I like the center fly better.
I'm a pitcher and I'm a first-class hitter.
I have a lot of things.
It's a change, but it's over when it's a change.
Next time, Takako Irie will hit it.
I'm winking at Hasegawa.
I think he likes Irie.
I hate it.
I'm so angry.
I can't watch the broadcast.
My heart is pounding.
I'm sorry I can't do it.
The end of the sports show.